yesterday was what is known to some I
guess as dating Sunday none of you heard
about this but the first Sunday of the
year is traditionally one of the biggest
days for dating apps basically what
happens is all the single people who
went home for the holidays got sick of
being asked whether not married yet so
they signed up for these apps yesterday
was dating Sunday and tonight is
bachelor Monday here on ABC Peter Peters
The Bachelor he met 30 women tonight
he's a pilot he's a commercial airline
pilot this season the woman he selects
will get an engagement ring from Neil
Lane and 200,000 SkyMiles so this is a
big deal this time and later on when
Peter's with us I will reveal who the
woman he chose as my wife Molly has
correctly predicted six the last eight
bachelor selections and six of the last
seven on The Bachelorette she does this
on the first show she watches the first
show she goes that's the one it's a
weird and useless ability and you think
she would have used it to avoid marrying
me but she didn't it was an eight-hour
season premiere and they packed it a lot
including one of the most dramatic
moments in bachelor history the
unexpected arrival of an unexpected
guest is there for any of us what is
going on
what
[Applause]
well cancel the cocktail party we got
trouble actually the surprise guest was
Hanabi not Bill Cosby
Hanabi was Bachelorette on bachelor
Coulton season the last bachelor then
she was the Bachelorette then she was on
Dancing with Stars and now she's back on
The Bachelor hannah has been on ABC more
than I have over the last year she stood
up in front of all the other women
tonight and gave a detailed account of
the love she and Peter made in the
windmill which was really weird and then
since Peters pilot they brought in a
couple of women very accomplished women
a Marine pilot and the first female
member of the Blue Angels to give the
ladies a pop quiz about airplane stuff
and that went exactly how you might
expect it went how high in feet would
you and Peter have to be to join the
mile-high club let's reveal our answers
okay 30,000 feet is ridiculously wrong
No yeah okay back here didn't even try
that's awesome I love those two I hope
they keep them around the whole season
I'd like to see them host the game show
are you smarter than a bachelor
contestant of all the women who opted
out of the limo tonight and there were
many one in particular caught my
attention a body waxer named Alexa
that's Alexa she's an aesthetician and
that's not what caught my eye was I
don't know what goes on to your house
but does anyone at ABC realized the hell
they just unleashed anytime anyone says
the name Alexa millions of Alexa's are
now going to activate and accidentally
order hot tubs to all the houses in the
United States while Peter will be here
shortly to tell all I will say it's cut
is it good to be back to work for you
Guillermo yes it is why is it good to be
back to work for you Oh
[Laughter]
trouble with the wife and home
everything all right put it this way she
had a knee surgery so oh no so she's in
pain so so you were in pain I was
welcome back
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you